Reviews and Understanding Compensation at Bridgewater Associates
https://nathanwailes.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MTOVT/pages/1769684/Negative+Reviews+of+Bridgewater

Comp explained says:
February 26, 2010 at 9:49 am
I posted a while back my experience as an internal person interviewing for a different position inside Bridgewater. I occasionally pop in here to see the comments. I noticed that many people ask about comp. BW on the surface pays very very well. I will break it out for you the best that I can.
I worked in the finance department. My straight negotiated base comp was 85k a year and a target 15k bonus. (And actually I negotiated getting my entire Bonus in December when I had only started in November). I was at a bond insurance company prior to that where my base was 70k and a 20% bonus. I thought that this base increase during the time I was looking was fair. The key thing to know here is your bonus can move up and down from your target. They have something called a “Company Grade” and 25% of your bonus is based on this grade. The other 75% is based on your performance. Examples: If you get a 3 (and I am using 3 as being the average standard) and the company gets a 3 then you get your target. If you get a 3 and the company gets a 2 you get less than your target and if you get a 3 and the company gets a 4 then you get more than your target. Let me put the caveat in: Getting a 3 at BW is not the easiest thing to do. The 360 process is grueling and people are very happy when they get a 3. There are 2 bonus pay out times. July and December. July is 1/3 of your target bonus. I was always told “Think of it as a down payment” and December is the rest. So if in July they calculate a lower expected “company grade” then you may get less then but have a chance to catch up in December. It’s really more important in December as that is the larger chunk of your bonus. I have no idea what the base raise looks like as I was not there long enough to experience that, but I would expect that it would be decent. Money is no object at BW.

At first glance the pay looks good but do the math: 100k a year was what I made. I worked on average 13hrs. a day, 6 days a week. (At the office mind you bc most jobs at BW are not allowed to have work from home permissions). Hourly it isn’t that great.

Someone above asked if Admins. were meant to work the same hours as finance people. Yes is the answer. Maybe not 6 days a week but you can expect to work at least 11-12 hours a day.

More importantly to the person that asked about relocation: I did that. I left the city and moved to CT. I would not advise full relocation. I would get in to BW, see what it’s all about and see if you are going to stay (as the turnover rate is 18 months) and then make that plunge. Just what I think would had been a better decision from my end.
